EDU-18420 - Deploying extensions (#2695)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/VTEX-Sales-App/deploying-sales-app-extensions.md

---
title: "Deploying VTEX Sales App extension"
slug: "deploying-vtex-sales-app-extensions"
hidden: false
excerpt: "Learn how to deploy VTEX Sales App extensions for public availability."
createdAt: "2026-05-26T00:00:00.000Z"
---

After creating extensions for your VTEX Sales App, you can deploy them and make them publicly available.

A deployment starts when you push a commit to the configured production branch, typically `main`. If FastStore WebOps detects changes in the `sales-app` module, it automatically builds and deploys the extension to VTEX. No separate manual build step is required. In about 10 minutes, the changes are usually applied to your Sales App.

> ⚠️ VTEX Sales App extensions support only production deployments. Once a commit is pushed to the configured production branch, your changes are applied to production. To revert a change, create a new commit that reverses the previous changes, then push it to the same branch.

## Requirements

> Make sure you have installed the FastStore WebOps. For detailed instructions, see the guide [Installing FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/installing-webops-for-sales-app-extensions).

Author: https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/pull/2680

---
title: "Deploying Sales App extensions"
slug: "deploying-sales-app-extensions"
hidden: false
excerpt: "Learn how to make Sales App extensions publicly available."
createdAt: "2026-05-28T00:00:00.000Z"
seeAlso:
  - "/docs/guides/installing-webops-for-sales-app-extensions"
---

> ⚠️ [VTEX Sales App Extensibility](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/vtex-sales-app-extensibility) is in beta, and we're working to improve it. If you have any questions, please contact our [Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support).

After creating extensions for your Sales App, publish them during deployment to make them publicly available.

> A deployment starts when you push a commit to the configured production branch, typically `main`. If WebOps detects changes in the `sales-app` module, it automatically builds and deploys the extension to VTEX. No separate manual build step is required. In about 10 minutes, the changes are usually applied to your Sales App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A deployment starts when you push a commit to the configured production branch, typically `main`. If WebOps detects changes in the `sales-app` module, it automatically builds and deploys the extension to VTEX. No separate manual build step is required. In about 10 minutes, the changes are usually applied to your store.
```

> > ⚠️ Sales App extensions support only production deployments. Once a commit is pushed to the configured production branch, your changes are applied to production. To revert a change, create a new commit that reverses the previous changes, then push it to the same branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Since sales App extensions support only production deployments, to revert a change, create a new commit that reverses the previous one, then push it to the same branch.
```

Reviewer: To avoid repetition with the paragraph above that already explains the same thing.

## Requirements

> Make sure you have installed the FastStore WebOps. For detailed instructions, see the guide [Installing FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/installing-webops-for-sales-app-extensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have installed the FastStore WebOps. For detailed instructions, see the guide [Installing WebOps for Sales App extensions](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/installing-webops-for-sales-app-extensions).
```
